# Shakshuka
#### Tags
["1pot"]

#### Ingredients
 - [ ] (1x) eggplant, ~1lb, sliced into 1-cm rounds
 - [ ] Olive oil
 - [ ] (1x) yellow onion, chopped
 - [ ] (4x) cloves garlic, minced
 - [ ] (2x) green bell peppers, chopped
 - [ ] (1 tbsp) cumin
 - [ ] (1 tsp) ground smoked paprika
 - [ ] (1 tsp) ground coriander
 - [ ] Harissa / Kashmiri chili powder, to taste
 - [ ] (1x) can diced tomatoes
 - [ ] (0.5x) can tomato sauce
 - [ ] (0.5 cup) cilantro, chopped
 - [ ] Salt + pepper, for seasoning
 - [ ] Eggs, soft-boiled (6.5 min and cold-shocked), for serving
 - [ ] Pita, warmed, for serving

#### Method
1. Preheat oven to 350 degF. Brush both sides of eggplant slices with olive oil, layer onto a baking sheet lined with parchment, and roast 15 min. Flip slices, and roast a further 10 min. Remove from oven, cool, and dice.
2. Meanwhile, sautee onion in olive oil, in a broad, shallow saucepan. Add garlic, cover, lower heat to lowest flame, and sweat 10 min. Add peppers, stir to coat with oil, and sweat another 10 min.
3. Uncover saucepan, raise heat, and drive off moisture while stirring. Add spice mixture (cumin, sweet paprika, smoked paprika, coriander), and sautee until fragrant, ~2 min.
4. Add diced tomatoes, stir, and sautee to drive off moisture. Then, add tomato sauce, stir, and simmer uncovered ~5 min.
5. Turn off flame and fold in eggplant. Cover and let sit ~5 min. Fold in cilantro, re-cover, and let sit ~5 min.
6. Season the vegetable stew to taste with salt and black pepper. Serve topped with soft-boiled eggs alongside warm pita.
