# Chicken Chasseur
#### Tags
["french","chicken"]

#### Notes
Start by making produce *mise en place*:
 - Prepare tomatoes: score non-stem end, blanch 5 min in salted boiling water, and cold-shock. Once cool, drain and dice
 - Wash, trim and slice mushrooms
 - Chop parsley
 - Mince shallots
 - Measure tomato juice, and add enough Gravy Master to darken, about 1 tbsp

Start butter melting in the Dutch oven, then flour chicken and proceed

#### Ingredients
 - [ ] Butter
 - [ ] 4x chicken thighs, bone-in + skin-on, floured
 - [ ] 3x shallots, minced
 - [ ] Brandy
 - [ ] White wine
 - [ ] 1 cup tomato juice, with Gravy Master to darken
 - [ ] 8 oz mushrooms, sliced thinly
 - [ ] 1/4 cup parsley, chopped
 - [ ] 3x Roma tomatoes, peeled + diced + drained

#### Method
1. Melt butter in a Dutch oven over high heat, until sizzling. Add floured chicken, skin side down, then drop heat to medium
2. Brown the skin, 5-7 min, then flip to brown the underside, another 5-7 min
3. Make a well in the middle and add shallots. Swirl the pot to distribute the shallots into the fat, then saute briefly
4. Irrigate edge of pan with brandy to deglaze, then swirl the pot. Simmer 1-3 min to dry the shallot slurry slightly
5. Repeat with white wine: irrigate edge of pan, swirl, and simmer 1-3 min to reduce slightly
6. Add tomato juice mixture to the center of the pan, swirl. Add bouillon paste to the center, swirl well, and reduce heat. Simmer until saucy
7. On a separate burner, form the garnish. Melt butter over high heat in a skillet until sizzling, then add mushrooms and brown while tossing. Add parsley and toss over heat until fragrant, then add diced tomatoes, bring to a simmer, and reduce slightly. Once the tomatoes are starting to get saucy, cut the heat
8. When chicken pot has reduced slightly, mix in the garnish, and continue reducing until glossy and saucy. Serve over oven-roasted potatoes
