## Table Of Contents: ```./cobo-sld/1pot.json.subset```

[Fast Chicken Noodle Soup](#fast-chicken-noodle-soup)\
[Mushroom Stroganoff](#mushroom-stroganoff)\
[Chicken Vindaloo](#chicken-vindaloo)\
[Masshole Shrimp Boil](#masshole-shrimp-boil)\
[Ratatouille](#ratatouille)\
[Smothered Pork Chops](#smothered-pork-chops)\
[Shakshuka](#shakshuka)\


 ___ 
## Fast Chicken Noodle Soup

#### COBO Metadata
```
index:13082021224531
handle:fast-chicken-noodle-soup
tags:['1pot']
```

#### Ingredients
 - [ ] Olive oil + butter
 - [ ] Chicken thighs
 - [ ] Chicken broth
 - [ ] Thyme
 - [ ] Bay leaves
 - [ ] Onion
 - [ ] Garlic
 - [ ] Celery
 - [ ] Carrot

#### Method
1.  Sear seasoned chicken thighs in a splash of olive oil & remove to simmering broth with thyme and bay
2. Sweat onions in the oil + rendered fat, then add garlic + celery + carrot
3. Add veg to soup & simmer; meanwhile cook egg noodles
4. Remove chicken from soup & continue simmering veg. When cool enough to touch, shred meat from bone
5. Adjust soup seasoning. Remove bay & thyme. Add back shredded chicken + noodles, simmer just until soup has come together, and serve




 ___ 
## Mushroom Stroganoff

#### COBO Metadata
```
index:13082021224620
handle:mushroom-stroganoff
tags:['1pot']
```

#### Ingredients
 - [ ] 1x (12-oz) bag egg noodles
 - [ ] 1.5 cups vegetable stock
 - [ ] 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
 - [ ] 3.5 tablespoons flour
 - [ ] Butter
 - [ ] (1x) yellow onion, medium, halved and sliced thinly
 - [ ] (4x) cloves garlic, minced
 - [ ] (16 oz) button or cremini mushrooms, trimmed and sliced thickly
 - [ ] (0.5 cup) dry white wine
 - [ ] Leaves from 3 sprigs thyme, minced
 - [ ] Ground black pepper
 - [ ] (0.5 c) full-fat Greek yogurt / sour cream
 - [ ] Black pepper + salt for seasoning




#### Method
1. Cook egg noodles just past al dente, ~10 min when started from hard-boiling water. Drain, rinse briefly, and set aside for later serving
2. Meanwhile, form sauce base: whisk together vegetable stock, Worcestershire sauce, and flour; then, set aside for later saucing
3. Melt 1 tbsp butter in a large sautee pan over high heat. As foaming subsides, add onions, toss to coat with fat, and cover. Sweat on low heat until translucent, ~10 min
4. Remove cover, add 2 tbsp butter, garlic and mushrooms, and toss to combine. Sautee on high heat with tossing, until mushrooms have absorbed the fat and developed some browning, ~5 min
5. Add wine to deglaze, scrape fond into solution with a wooden spoon, and let simmer on high heat uncovered until reduced slightly, ~3 min
6. Add sauce base from step 2 to the pan, stir to coat, then add thyme and black pepper to taste, stirring again to coat. Simmer uncovered on high heat with occasional stirring until thickened, ~5 min
7. Dot yogurt / sour cream on top of the sauce mixture and simmer to the desired consistency. Remove from heat, adjust seasoning with black pepper + salt, and serve over cooked egg noodles




 ___ 
## Chicken Vindaloo

#### COBO Metadata
```
index:13082021224451
handle:chicken-vindaloo
tags:['1pot']
```

#### Notes
If scaling down: make a full-sized batch of spice paste, use as much as required, and freeze the rest for future use

#### Ingredients

 - [ ] Spice paste
   - [ ] Kashmiri chili powder
   - [ ] Sweet paprika powder
   - [ ] Ground black pepper
   - [ ] Coriander powder
   - [ ] Cumin powder
   - [ ] Smoked paprika (trace amount)
   - [ ] Minced garlic
   - [ ] Minced shallot
   - [ ] Minced ginger
   - [ ] Cider vinegar
 - [ ] Vindaloo
   - [ ] Neutral oil
   - [ ] Onions, minced
   - [ ] Chicken thighs, boneless+skinless
   - [ ] Potatoes, diced
   - [ ] Dilute chicken broth
   - [ ] Rice, for serving
   - [ ] Naan, for serving (optional)

#### Method

1. Prepare spice paste\*
2. Sweat onions in neutral oil over medium-low heat, ~15 min
3. Remove lid and dry over high heat
4. Add chicken and toss until seared
5. Add spice paste and fry with tossing until fragrant
6. Add potatoes, toss, and sautee over high heat
7. Add water / dilute broth & season S+P as necessary. Simmer over low heat until potato is tender, 30-45 min
8. Raise heat to medium-high and reduce sauce to the desired consistency with intermittent stirring, fully- or partially-covered
9. Serve over rice, with optional naan alongside




 ___ 
## Masshole Shrimp Boil

#### COBO Metadata
```
index:13082021233929
handle:masshole-shrimp-boil
tags:['summer', 'shrimp', '1pot']
```

#### Ingredients
 - [ ] (1-lb) baby Dutch yellow potatoes
 - [ ] (3-4x) ears corn, halved
 - [ ] 1x stick butter, melted
 - [ ] 1 tbsp Old Bay seasoning
 - [ ] (1-lb) medium shrimp, raw, peeled, de-veined
 - [ ] (1x12.8-oz) pack andouille, sliced
 - [ ] (1x) lemon, wedged
 - [ ] Parsley, chopped

#### Method
1. Preheat oven to 400 degF. Line a baking sheet with foil and oil
2. Parboil potatoes in salted water, ~15 min. Add corn in the last 5 min
3. Drain potato and corn and let sit. Meanwhile, combine butter, garlic, and Old Bay
4. Combine potatoes, corn, and butter mixture in a bowl and toss, then spread onto foiled pan
5. Bake 15 min, or until shrimp have become opaque and pink
6. Toss together and serve with lemon




 ___ 
## Ratatouille

#### COBO Metadata
```
index:13082021232914
handle:ratatouille
tags:['french', 'light', '1pot']
```

#### Ingredients
 - [ ] Olive oil
 - [ ] (1x) eggplant, medium, diced into 1/2-in cubes
 - [ ] (2x) zucchini, small, diced into 1/2-in cubes
 - [ ] (1x) bell pepper, medium, diced into 1/2-in cubes
 - [ ] (1x) yellow onion, medium, chopped
 - [ ] (4x) cloves garlic, minced
 - [ ] (1x) 28-oz can diced tomatoes
 - [ ] 1 cup fresh basil
 - [ ] 1/2 tsp dried oregano
 - [ ] Dry seasoning
   - [ ] Salt
   - [ ] Pepper
   - [ ] Dried thyme
   - [ ] Red pepper flakes

#### Method
1. Heat oil in Dutch oven over medium heat, then add eggplant and season with salt + pepper
2. Cook until softened and starting to brown (~10 min), then remove to a plate
3. Add more oil to Dutch oven and add zucchini, bell pepper, onion, and garlic. Cook until tender and slightly browned (~10 min)
4. Return eggplant and stir in tomatoes + dry seasoning. Bring to a boil, cut heat to low, and cook until vegetables are softened and liquid is slightly reduced
5. Adjust seasoning before serving




 ___ 
## Smothered Pork Chops

#### COBO Metadata
```
index:13082021224545
handle:smothered-pork-chops
tags:['1pot', 'pork']
```

#### Ingredients
 - [ ] 2 tsp salt
 - [ ] 2 tsp garlic powder
 - [ ] 1 tsp black pepper
 - [ ] 1 tsp paprika
 - [ ] 1/2 cup flour
 - [ ] 4 pork chops
 - [ ] Olive oil
 - [ ] 2 andouille sausages, chopped
 - [ ] 1 large yellow onion, halved and sliced
 - [ ] 2 cups water
 - [ ] Milk


#### Method

1. Mix seasonings together. Pat dry pork chops and rub in seasoning mix. Dredge in flour.
2. Brown chops on both sides in a skillet with olive oil, and transfer to warm oven. Fry andouille in fat just until browned.
3. Add onions and toss to coat. Cover, lower heat, and sweat 15-20 min
4. Remove lid and dehydrate onions. Sprinkle remaining seasoning mix and flour over skillet to absorb fat.
5. Add water and bring to a simmer to form gravy. Return chops and simmer covered 1 hr.
6. Remove chops to foil tent. Add milk to gravy to emulsify oil and simmer with whisking to reduce.
7. Serve chops with gravy over mashed potatoes, with steamed spinach




 ___ 
## Shakshuka

#### COBO Metadata
```
index:13082021224415
handle:shakshuka
tags:['1pot']
```

#### Ingredients
 - [ ] (1x) eggplant, ~1lb, sliced into 1-cm rounds
 - [ ] Olive oil
 - [ ] (1x) yellow onion, chopped
 - [ ] (4x) cloves garlic, minced
 - [ ] (2x) green bell peppers, chopped
 - [ ] (1 tbsp) cumin
 - [ ] (1 tsp) ground smoked paprika
 - [ ] (1 tsp) ground coriander
 - [ ] Harissa / Kashmiri chili powder, to taste
 - [ ] (1x) can diced tomatoes
 - [ ] (0.5x) can tomato sauce
 - [ ] (0.5 cup) cilantro, chopped
 - [ ] Salt + pepper, for seasoning
 - [ ] Eggs, soft-boiled (6.5 min and cold-shocked), for serving
 - [ ] Pita, warmed, for serving

#### Method
1. Preheat oven to 350 degF. Brush both sides of eggplant slices with olive oil, layer onto a baking sheet lined with parchment, and roast 15 min. Flip slices, and roast a further 10 min. Remove from oven, cool, and dice.
2. Meanwhile, sautee onion in olive oil, in a broad, shallow saucepan. Add garlic, cover, lower heat to lowest flame, and sweat 10 min. Add peppers, stir to coat with oil, and sweat another 10 min.
3. Uncover saucepan, raise heat, and drive off moisture while stirring. Add spice mixture (cumin, sweet paprika, smoked paprika, coriander), and sautee until fragrant, ~2 min.
4. Add diced tomatoes, stir, and sautee to drive off moisture. Then, add tomato sauce, stir, and simmer uncovered ~5 min.
5. Turn off flame and fold in eggplant. Cover and let sit ~5 min. Fold in cilantro, re-cover, and let sit ~5 min.
6. Season the vegetable stew to taste with salt and black pepper. Serve topped with soft-boiled eggs alongside warm pita.




